Add cookbook for fixed temperature (#4812)
geodynamics/aspect: cookbooks/fixed_slab_temperature/doc/fixed_slab_temperature.md

This is a cookbook demonstrating an application of fixing the temperature
in user specified compositional fields. The model simulates 2D subduction of an arbitrary slab
generated using the Geodynamic WorldBuilder (Fraters et al. 2019) {numref}`fig:initial-composition`,
where the temperature within the slab is fixed to the temperature it was initialized with.
The model runs for 15 Myr, and during this time the slab maintains its thermal state
while the mantle wedge convects and reaches a more realistic thermal state.

```{figure-md} fig:initial-composition
<img src="initial_composition.*" alt="Compositions defined in the fixed slab temperature cookbook"/>
```

> The plugin works by resetting the temperature degrees of before each temperature solve
> to the temperature that the compositional field was initialized with. This ensures that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin works by fixing specific temperature degrees of before each temperature solve
to the value of the initial temperature. The area where the temperature is fixed is determined 
by a list of compositional fields. This ensures that
```

> all points within the specified field do not evolve their temperature with time, and this can be easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
all points within the specified fields do not evolve their temperature with time, and this can be easily
```

toggled in the input file by setting `Prescribe internal temperature = true` in the
`Prescribed internal temperature model` subsection. In this cookbook, the slab not only has its

> temperature fixed, but its location is also fixed by making the field a `static` field. This allows for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
temperature fixed, but its location is also fixed by making the crust and lithosphere fields `static` fields. This allows for
```

is great for those interested in modeling the dynamics of the mantle wedge. A setback of this method,
however, is that while temperature inside the slab remains fixed, the temperature within the slab
can still be advected out of the slab and into the surrounding mantle. In the case of the
mantle wedge, this is fine because the velocities in the slab point largely straight down
and away from the mantle wedge due to the slabs large negative buoyancy.

The initial temperature and compositional fields are defined by the Geodynamic WorldBuilder, and a
visco plastic material model is used to simulate slab subduction dynamics. This creates a compositie rheology incorporating deformation from brittle failure, and the following creep mechanisms: diffusion, dislocation, and Peierls. Parameters for each of these mechanisms are choosen based on laboratory experiments deforming olivine grains {cite}`HK04,mei_et_al_2010_JGR`.
```{literalinclude} ../fixed_slab_temperature.prm
    :lines: 94-143
```

The starting temperature field and final temperature field can be seen in {numref}`fig:temperature-fields`

> . Initially, the temperature in the mantle is not influenced by the presence of the slab, consequently if

Reviewer: Can you move the dot to the previous line (and without the space)?

a model were to start from this state the thermal structure of the mantle wedge would be incorrect which
could negatively impact model results. After 15 Myr, the temperature structure has evolved due to the
convection in the mantle wedge, and has taken on a more realistic shape. The advection of the temperature
from within the slab can be seen on the bottom side of the slab in the mantle, where the temperature
contours bulge out.

```{figure-md} fig:temperature-fields

> <img src="temperature_fields.*" alt="Temperature fields of subducting slab."/>

Reviewer: If you have the time for it, I would make the color bars/labels larger because they're really hard to see in the online version (or maybe move the figures on top of each other so that they're bigger), but if you leave it as it is, that's fine as well.

(sec:cookbooks:fixed_slab_temperature)=
# 2D subduction with fixed slab temperatures

*This section was contributed by Daniel Douglas*

This is a cookbook demonstrating an application of fixing the temperature
in user specified compositional fields. The model simulates 2D subduction of an arbitrary slab
generated using the Geodynamic WorldBuilder {cite:t}`Fraters2019c` as shown in
{numref}`fig:initial-composition`, where the temperature within the slab is fixed to the temperature it
was initialized with. The model runs for 15 Myr, and during this time the slab maintains its thermal
state while the mantle wedge convects and reaches a more realistic thermal state.

```{figure-md} fig:initial-composition
<img src="initial_composition.*" alt="Compositions defined in the fixed slab temperature cookbook"/>

Compositional fields used for this cookbook.
```

> The plugin works by fixing specific temperature degrees of fredom before each temperature solve

Reviewer 2: Not really reviewing, but going through this out of interest :)

```suggestion
The plugin works by fixing specific temperature degrees of freedom before each temperature solve
```
